
Que1 :- What is Design Pattern?
Ans1 :- In software engineering, a design pattern is a general repeatable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design.
		A design pattern isn't a finished design that can be transformed directly into code. 
		It is a description or template for how to solve a problem that can be used in many different situations.
		
Que2 :- what are the main type of design patterns
		design patterns which can be classified in three categories:
		1. Creational 
		2. Structural 
		3. Behavioral patterns
		
1. Creational Design Pattern:-
		These design patterns provide a way to create objects while hiding the creation logic, 
		rather than instantiating objects directly using new operator. 
		This gives program more flexibility in deciding which objects need to be created for a given use case.
		1. Singleton
		2. Factory
		3. Abstract Factory
		4. Builder
		5. Prototype
		
2. Structural Design Pattern:-
	These design patterns concern class and object composition. 
	Concept of inheritance is used to compose interfaces and define ways to compose objects to obtain new functionalities.
	1. Adapter
	2. Composite
	3. Proxy
	4. Fly Weight
	5. Facade
	6. Bridge
	7. Decorate
	
3. Behavioral Design Pattern:-
	These design patterns are specifically concerned with communication between objects.
	1. Template Method
	2. Mediator
	3. Chain of Responsibility
	4. Observer
	5. Strategy
	6. Command
	7. State
	8. Visitor
	9. Iterator
	10. Interpreter
	11. Memento
	
Que3 :- Explain Factory and Abstract factory design pattern 

Factory Design Pattern:-
	In Factory pattern, we create object without exposing the creation logic to the client and refer to newly created object using a common interface.

Abstract Factory Design Pattern :-
	Abstract Factory patterns work around a super-factory which creates other factories. 
	This factory is also called as factory of factories. 
	In Abstract Factory pattern an interface is responsible for creating a factory of related objects without explicitly specifying their classes. 
	Each generated factory can give the objects as per the Factory pattern.
	
Que4 :- Explain the Singleton design patterns
		This pattern involves a single class which is responsible to create an object while making sure that
		only single object gets created. This class provides a way to access its only object which can be 
		accessed directly without need to instantiate the object of the class.
Implementation:-
Declaring private instance
Declaring all constructors of the class to be private, which prevents it from being instantiated by other objects
Providing a static method that returns a reference to the instance